sick vibrationally a condom on a series
now last week I uploaded the video to
called parkour in shuffling and someone
else had um everyone seemed to like it
from what I know and now after about
three days of having it up it was hit
with a dislike bot who I still don't
know who it came from and it instantly
hit me quickly dislikes on the video
over then and about three minutes so it
kind of like ruined the whole point that
it was a video up there for my little
brother and now yeah not happy about
that still donate three deer but yeah um
contemplated like deleting my channel
and bleeding on my feet and just saying
it to this YouTube that after
talking to a lot of great guys they told
me to just stick it out and keep doing
what I do so I'm back I'm going to keep
doing what I do in the last week's um I
haven't been how to make that much carry
video I have shot a lot but I hadn't any
videos upload um and that's because I
didn't have that I didn't want to keep
everything on me fire I was kind of over
the footage and all that so what I done
was I broaden your laptop and I brought
Sony Vegas platinum 11
you
okay guys this is one of the projects
that has been working on for something
fun it's a home theater system speaker
that I'm modified it has two six four
nines and 26.5 miss the first coat of
resin
things coming along found all the light
spots that film all right talk to locals
and not hooked up there damn what'd he
call them passive radiators pretty much
they're just sitting there these two are
actually running it's only because I've
blind every channel except for one on
their amplifier sir ya can only run
those two together at 2 ohms who's 0 and
get off me
Oh
to me I think the pilot flew me I make
the body shop right when the starter
fluid so I ok guys spring pods totally
finished oil painting black Club two
speakers as I've said before our passive
radiators only the bottom two are
actually working and we're going to try
a lullaby from Nickelback's new album
here now
burn incense
Mary holy
here's another one of the speaker boxes
i got give them so i'll be modifying
this one also I'm just went to start
cutting out this sub and when I cut it
back that is polyfill wedged up into the
kind the whole way around I still
haven't even cut back here well that
explains why it's blind
first